# ETH Vanity Address Generator

Generate Ethereum addresses with a custom prefix and/or postfix using the Secp256k1 elliptic curve address generator.

## What is a Vanity Address?

A Vanity Address in the context of cryptocurrency, particularly Ethereum, is a customized address that includes specific patterns or characters chosen by the user. Unlike regular cryptographic addresses generated randomly, a vanity address allows users to incorporate personalized elements, such as a name or word, into their Ethereum address.
``` bash
example : 
0xDeadbeef67bFfbdbc6c82bf561D5678A2aDd7cA1
```

## Why Use Vanity Addresses?

1. **Personalization:** Vanity addresses enable users to create addresses that are more memorable and recognizable.

2. **Branding:** Individuals, projects, or businesses may use vanity addresses to reinforce their brand identity within the blockchain.

3. **Aesthetic Appeal:** Some users prefer the aesthetic appeal of having a custom-designed address.

## How Vanity Addresses Are Generated

Vanity addresses are generated by repeatedly trying different private keys until a public key is found that corresponds to the desired vanity pattern. This process involves substantial computational effort and is typically performed using specialized software or services.

The ETH Vanity Address Generator presented here is a tool designed to efficiently generate Ethereum vanity addresses based on user-specified prefixes and/or postfixes.



## Features

- Create Ethereum addresses with a specified prefix and/or postfix.
- Multi-threaded implementation for improved performance.
- Real-time progress updates and statistics display.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- .NET SDK (version 8.0 or higher)
- Linux Machine (Windows and Mac support is a TODO)

### Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ETHVanitySharp.git
cd ETHVanitySharp
dotnet build
dotnet run
```

### Usage
- Enter the desired prefix and postfix when prompted.
- The application will start generating Ethereum addresses in the background.
- Real-time progress updates will be displayed, including the generated address and private key when a matching address is found.

  
### Performance Comparison

| Platform                        | Threads | Speed (Addresses/Second) | Performance Ratio vs Competitor |
|---------------------------------|---------|---------------------------|--------------------------------|
| ETH Vanity Address Generator    | 20      | 470,000                   | 18.1x                          |
| [Competitor: vanity-eth.tk](https://vanity-eth.tk/) | 20      | 26,000                    | 1x                             |

**Performance Gain:**
- The ETH Vanity Address Generator outperforms [vanity-eth.tk](https://vanity-eth.tk/) by approximately 18.1 times in terms of address generation speed.

*Note: The performance comparison is based on testing on an Intel Core i7 12700 with 32GB of DDR4 memory running Ubuntu 22.04.*
